Dad , can we eat somewhere else please ? I havent shit right in a week .
Can we *what* ?
Harry , the McRib is what is known as a limited time item . The yonly make them two , three times a year tops . We are obliged to eat as many as possible .
Look at it Harry . Look at it . We didnt have these when I was a boy .
If you dont appreciate this craftsmanship , get out of my car .
Peter ! You got anything to eat ? Im so hungry goddamn it .
Harry ! You forgot your mid morning , lunch , and afternoon McRibs !
Yeah , thanks dad . This is Peter . Peter , Dad .
Nice to you meet you Peter . What do you know about the McRib ?
The McRib ? Oh , uh ... I dunno theyre ok I guess .
Well Peter , you see , the McRib is a barbecue flavored pork sandwich periodically sold by the internation fast food restaurant chain Mcdonalds . It was first introduced to the McDonalds menu in 1981 , following the year before . After poor sales , it was removed from the menu in 1985 . Since then , it appears annually or more at various times .
Dude what the fuck was that about ?
Im telling you man . I havent had a fucking vegetable in two weeks .
Whos hungry ? We got McRibs . Best thing McDonalds has on the menu .
Personally Im more partial to the classic Big Mac .
Shut up . Just shut the fuck up or I swear to God Ill fire your ass right now . Ill do shit thatll make date night with Marilyn Manson look like a fucking spa trip .
Actually , I agree with Dr . Slocum , Norman . Lets us partake in this Big Mac .
Congratulations , boys .
Peter , I know this year has been difficult . you lost your Uncle , right during McRib season and i never got around getting one for you .
Thats okay , Mr . Osbonre . I think Harry needed you more , after all his mom and Uncle ben were in the same car .
Forget Harry . Lets focus on your future . The McRib relaunches in a few weeks .
Hey Bud . uh You looked hungry , I got you a Whopper .
The fuck ? What teh fuck is this ? Burger King ? Youre eating Burger King ? We are McDonalds family and its goddamn McRib season , Harry .
For the love of god Dad , Im 24 years old . If I want Burger King , Ill eat fucking Burger King . I dont know why this is such a fucking ordeal every year .
The McRib got our family through a lot of tough times . On the day I founded OsCorp , the McRib debuted . On the day you were born , the McRib was rerelased . We had them catered via specialty order for your bar mitzvah . Peter , back me up on this .
I dunno this kind of seems like a family thing , I dont really wanna get involved here .
You will never know the ways you hurt me today , Harry .
And so , gentlemen , bringing back the McRib as a regular menu item can only lead to increased profits .
Mr . Osborne , I appreciate the pitch , but frankly the McRib is more cost effective as an annual option .
But surely with the right advertising , one could market the McRibs unique flavour profile as 
As a matter of fact , due to the rising price of pork products , its conceivable this year was the last year that the McRib will sold for quite some time .
You mean this was ... this ... no . No , nooooo , no no no ... 
DO YOU PEOPLE KNOW WHAT YOUVE DONE TO ME ?
I know they stoppd making them but changing your DNA so everything tastse like a McRib is not rational , Norman .
I am beyond caring . I must taste only the tangy barbeque of the McRib .
MCRIB SATURATION
NORMAN ! ITS TOO MUCH !
*cough* *cough* NO ! MORE ! I CAN TASTE THE TANGY KANSAS CITY BARBEQUE ! I CAN TAAAAAASTE IIIIT !
Riblin flatlines
Norman ? Norman ! ?
Oh dear god ! No !
Come on buddy ! Breath ! You can do it !
McRib transformation completed
Riblin Growl
... McRib ... 
MCRIIIIIIIIIIB
Riblin laughs meniacally
McRib transformation completed
Riblin laughs meniacally
Start the test , Dr . Kroc .
All beef patties initalized . seasame seed buns on my mark . initiating secret sauce .
Wait ... that smell ... there is no authentic Kansas city barbeque on a Big Mac ... no ... no !
Riblin laughs meniacally
ENJOY A MCRIB WITH A VANILLA MILKSHAKE TODAY AT YOUR NEARES MCDONALDS !
I PREFER CHOCOLLAAAAAAAA 
Explosion
No ... nooo , this cant be  , they wouldnt really ... 
Cant be ? It already is , Norman . You cant bring it back .
But maybe ... revenge would have the same mystique boldness as the delicious McRib sauce .
BRING BACK MCRIBS
Riblin laughs meniacally
McRib laser , activate !
McRib laser , activate !
Riblin Vaporizes people
Oh fuck ! Oh fuck !
Fuck ! My bad , I didnt know it would that ! I honestly feel super bad about it , sorryyy~~~~
Jonah , the man is a murderer . Luring him here is insane .
Bullshit . I want Spider Man dead and the Riblin is the man to do it .
ITS YA BOI !
JAMESON , YOU SLIME ! WHAT DO YOU WANT ! ?
I wanted you to kill Spider Man but I gotta be real this is kinda working for me too .
A turkey ? I wanted a McRib .